Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, May the
20th. My name is Anne-Marie Band and
this is the Money Ball Morning Report.
Charts by TrendSpider, Gamma Flows by
Mentor Q,
data analytics by Trade Wave and
news by Benzinga Pro. All right, so
let's talk about what we saw yesterday.
Levels worked very well.
Taking a look at the E-mini S&P right
now, I said the levels that we needed to
watch 7396,
7375.
Now, we had the put wall at 7350. Of
course, that's something to watch.
They gave a front run of the put wall
and so
once this started, it gave us that
upward motion to retrace the prior 9:30
candlestick formation, which I believe
holds
the highest volume of the day. Yes. And
so, let's draw this box.
So, when we recovered this candlestick
formation right here, right? This is a
bottoming structure that you need to
watch for price reversal. When you see
the traders trying to hit lower, but
they cannot, it tells us
that they're probably going to hit
higher. And so, once we re-enter this
area,
it gives us long action to the top of
that candlestick formation and that's
what we get, 7401. It actually goes all
the way to the close of the 4:00 a.m.
candle and the pivot, which gave us a
nice short. If you were watching
TopstepTV yesterday, you saw that I put
that short on there and continued to
have it in my personals.
Ended up I took some at 73.92, and then
the rest at 73.84. Okay, could have held
for more, but I didn't. So, here we have
in today's overnight
a double bottoming
demand zone still above the POC wall,
which is 73.50. We're going to watch
that. Now, super interesting. At about
4:00 a.m. today,
we got a burst of volume
that I have not seen
in quite some time at this time of the
day. So,
they're expecting a fair bit of news.
I don't know what it is, but a fair bit
of news. And so,
with all of that volume, what is the
likely rotation? Well, we know we have
the top of the formation, which is the
prior high and the 4:00 a.m. close from
the prior day. So, another short opened
up at 74.11. Where is that one going to?
Well,
73.96,
73.85.
We are above these moving averages, and
a ton of volume moved in here
at around the 73.96 zone. Just
monstrous. So, I'm going to suspect that
if it fades into this zone, it will
rapidly bounce.
This is my thought. Where they headed?
To the north.
What are those choices? Well, we have
our
prior
candlestick event.
That's the low. We'll call it 73.92.
Actually, no, we have to call it
Yeah, 73.92.50 is the low, but let's
call it Let's look at the open, 73.94,
and then the new topping edge here.
We'll look at as 7426
and then
we get into the supply zone
which could be somewhere around
7440 to 7450. It could expand through
the range before breaking back down. All
right, but we are something big is going
to happen. There's a a move that's in
play. We have a downward 50, so we
expect some sort of retracement there.
We have a downward 200 which means that
if we break above that, we should come
below to retest it
and our view up is generally up. So,
pullback
gives us a buy zone.
Do you want to stage a position right
here? You could. You can put a position
down here at the pivot at 738850,
7385,
but go small size.
If you want to really
get in at 7394, 7395 where all that
volume showed up, you got to be quick.
If it moves, great. If it doesn't, you
better get out in your direction, that
is. Right now, there is
a counter trend short in play that that
could easily come to 7394.
Okay. Um yeah, that's what we're looking
for.
Look at how far away this call wall is.
They are still expecting tremendous
upside pressure.
That's
very interesting to me. Call wall all
the way up at 7500.
All right, let's take a look at the NQ.
Let's see how that worked out. All
right, here we are. Rotate up.
Look at this, folks. This is incredible.
Comes right here into the base.
10:00 candlestick, measured move off the
biggest candle formation and then
walks right up.
Where does it go?
To the top of the 9:30 candlestick,
and then it tests the pivot and also the
the MOC candle close.
Absolutely beautiful trade. Opens up
another short.
And where does that go to? Really, the
target
could easily be the close of the 9:30
candle or
the top of the box right here. Okay?
at
28,000
865 or so.
All right. So, this is what we're
looking at as support.
Let's take a look at where we are. We're
very close to the 200, but it's downward
sloping.
There is supply above us, 29,170.
That's really where the Globex high is
sitting.
Is this a topping formation?
It looks a little weaker as a topping
formation than the ES. Looks like it's
got some lift on it to me. And as you
know, I believe this chart is going to
move to the north. Right? Um I do.
So, the question is uh do we want to get
in front of this and just go long? Look
at all the demand that's building right
here. I would I would surmise that the
same thing happened at the 4:00 a.m.
candle in um
in the NQ's. But actually, let's let's
take a look at that really quickly.
Let's see what size they had.
Go to 4:00 a.m.
29,066.
Let's go up here.
Mhm.
Not nearly as much. It's quite a bit
thinner, actually.
Quite a bit thinner. No no real volume
there of of any measure.
Maybe 100 contracts sitting there. It's
It's moving in the ES. So, what's the
ideal trade? Well,
the ideal trade is that we look for
the biggest candlestick of the the prior
day. We know that's usually M O O in the
Qs,
right? And
that high is 29,070.
So, that's going to be the first floor
that they try to hold. If that fades,
we have first the low of the 4:00 a.m.
candle,
which is 29,021.
And then
the close of the 9:30 candle, which is
28,940.
Interesting. That's very close to
the
uh
close of the 3:30 candle, the MOC
candle,
but the low of that candle still is
holding. And I see that number as
28,865.
Notice the look belows and fade
and fail. Um
that's my homage to JJ.
That look below and fail is a great
formation, especially if you're looking
at these big boxes. Lot of demand
showing up here.
This is sideways, and it's the top of
heavy congestion. To buy it here
would be a little nerve-wracking.
Especially if we have any pre-market
action that brings it down and then pops
it to the north.
50 simple moving average, a little flat,
but we're above it.
We're above the pivot. We're above the
VWAP.
Below the 200, but
pullbacks are going to be buy zones. So,
the natural pullbacks are going to be,
you know, 28,940
and 28,000
>> [snorts]
>> 865.
Maybe the midpoint here at 28,700
and
80. Should we lose the level?
The zero DT put wall comes into frame at
28,700.
And then the broad put wall at 28,000
600. Let's take a look at the YM.
Woah. So,
YM looks a little different, doesn't it?
Very large
range on the 9:30 candle. Holy cow, look
at that. We're still inside of a range
inside of value. Where is the close of
that 9:30 candle?
Just
just below this
wick.
Interesting. So, staring this down, what
do we have?
We have a little bit of a mishmash
using this kind of structure.
And it tells us that this downward 50
and the downward 200 bounces are sell
zones. Here is the pivot at 29,530.
Really close to the open of
the 9:30 candle. And so, this is them
trying to break above that 9:30
formation. If
I mean, this looks like a uh dips or
buys to me.
But, the dip
could be as low as
49,375.
Could be better, but
you know, it's it's really hard to say.
If I were a betting man,
I would look for 49,400
and
50.
Right where the view up is sitting right
now for the dip buys.
Very interesting. All right, let's look
at Bitcoin. See what this little
stinkers been up to.
Well, try to hold the floor.
Let's take a look at a 4-hour on this
thing.
Wow, okay. So,
a lot of um demand
right here at the 76,000 area. So, it
held that floor very nicely. Dip 76,000.
Remember, upwards 200, dips are going to
be buys. Okay, so here's the dip. The
rotation
easily 78,000.
Um
where would the test be?
79,000
500, 79,400.
They want to get above the pivot wall,
which is 80,000. So, can they do it?
Well,
I think they're going to try for sure.
So, dips are buys as long as we stay
above the pivot. And that's 76,800.
Losing that pivot, you probably ought to
stay out of the way.
You could maybe try to pick it up again
at 76,000
and then run it to the north.
Below 76,000, we're looking at a lot
further rotation.
A lot further rotation. Maybe 75, 73,
71. At this juncture,
dips are buys and that's going to
probably push the market to the north.
But, as you can see, this is very
congested. This formation is incredibly
congested.
On the 30-minute
we're seeing oh, some overnight volume.
That's unusual. So, let's draw a line
here at 77,200.
See if it bounces off of that zone.
That might be the buy zone here.
Right? Dips are buys.
Trying to build uh
a base
for the chart.
And then a walk up, but a downward 200
on the 30-minute, that push up is going
to give us a sell zone. The put wall is
really what they're after, and the
longer they stay under the put wall
the more
um
they are going to have to sell the
instrument
unless it changes shape.
All right.
Wow, we have just treading the water
right now in terms of motion. Let's see
if crude oil well has rolled.
Whoa.
Well, isn't that interesting?
Let me have a look at this.
Um
let's see.
June
I I think we moved to the July contract.
Oh, wrong. Sorry.
Let's see what contracts we're we are
in.
Um C L
N
futures.
July. Okay, so this is July's contract,
I believe. Oh, no. This is July's
contract.
That is very interesting what we were
looking at over there. Massive gap down.
Somebody rolled something. But, look at
this bouncing right off of the 200
simple moving average. Let's take a look
at what's going on.
Big volume candle.
Yesterday, that's a normal space. It's
the 2:00 p.m. candle for
oil.
And so,
correlation between oil and the future
still pretty solid. I mean, it's not 90%
or anything, but it it's it's definitely
more than 60, right? And so, there is a
a weak relationship that exists there.
This bounce could bring us a fade, and
then the next fade down for the chart
will give the futures the bounce. So,
let's let's take a peek, see if we're
doing any kind of measured move stuff.
Oops.
Okay, nothing there.
Let's see what this range looks like.
Okay, that's the candle we're watching.
Okay, so let me move these guys out of
the way.
Okay. So, the candle we're watching is
the high volume candle from
What day is this?
I don't know, 2 days ago. You know what
I'm talking about. And the expansion
almost right down to the bottom. So,
where they going to try and get back up
to 103?
So, we want to want to we want to watch
that 103 region.
200 up, 50 flat, V web down, that's a
big fat cross current. Okay? So,
watch for the bounces
and see if they fade again.
Uh that forward contract that we looked
at, very interesting.
I mean, wow.
So, if
this is a contract roll
that we just saw over there in the other
space,
we have tons of demand down here at the
to 98 dollars and 40 cent level.
That's what we're looking at.
Could this easily rotate down? Yes.
It's going to get bought up as soon as
it does.
We we have an oil event.
We do.
The world is not a wash in it currently.
Not that it can't be. It's just sitting
in the ground.
Okay, let's take a look at gold.
9:30 candlestick from yesterday, big big
candle,
right? Let's take a look at the
anticipation of what we expected
yesterday. So,
we had this range break from the day
before, them trying to hold the edge.
They move up into the gamma wall, right
into 4600. My thought was,
you know, maybe
they get to Is this 9:30 candle? Maybe
they get to value area high, which they
did, right? Somewhere around here, we
have the topping formation
early, and then that rotation down here,
and the goal was, if we stayed above
dollars,
this would be a good buy.
And if not, then we'd have to look at
4512 to 4500. Right? And so
the call the put wall 44
65 the zero DT put wall is 4485.
This is weak again.
This is sovereign nations selling gold
to pay bills.
Okay? This is what is happening.
All right.
So, as we sit right here
we have two choices. The bounce up
that gives us potential buy into 4560
and the downward sloping 200. That seems
fairly likely.
Right?
It's definitely a possibility.
If it expands further
we have this gamma line at 4615
but the gamma wall at 45
96. 4600 is probably what we're after.
So, bounces or sells
in my opinion, they're trying to hold
the put wall. Remember, we break the put
wall with force and cannot recover we
will cascade. And you know, my suspicion
is our cascade takes us below here. So,
we'll just have to see. Now
if I'm wrong
and they're finished selling and it's
time to buy again, they're going to
punch into the 200 pull back
and hold this 4532 area and it's going
to give us another potential buy zone.
Could you buy it right now?
You could.
Would I?
No.
Right, here's my 9:30 candle open. They
just
breached that. They could easily go from
this 4494 to 4512. If you're interested
in taking that trade, fantastic. It
could go into the anchored VWAP 4523.
To trade that, I would go to an
incredibly tight time frame and then
watch for the breaks. So, that would be
either a 1-minute or a 5-minute.
All right, let's go to spy.
Spy broke our 733 ledge.
But, the recovery of it
gave us the clear buy zone.
And where are we? Inside candle.
Just like
gold.
Inside candle. Now, notice
this is a very big selling candle here.
3.3 million. It's a little outsized.
Last one of that measure
was 3.4
What?
This one's higher. 3.4 and this one is
3.3. Okay. So, where's our 3.4 candle?
We still got it measured. So, the ledge
for the break to the north
738.
If it starts breaking up over that zone,
the pullbacks are going to give us buys
more than likely. Where are we? We're
above the 50, we're above the VWAP,
we're above the pivot, but they're all
sloping downward in general.
Momentum is flat.
So, watch for the dip to buy. So, where
is the solid dip?
Could [snorts] it be the open of
the 3:30 candle? Yes, potentially.
Could it be
Mhm, could it be the low of that 330
candle? Yes, and that's 732.70.
These wicks,
they look like they're going to get
bought today.
They look like they're going to get
bought. Don't jam yourself up. Watch
your size and just
follow the yellow brick road. Okay? If
this candlestick
does the trick,
we'll be looking at 742
as the move, though
the candlestick we really
the one we really want to watch is
this one.
And that gives us about
740. Right? We'll see.
Dips are buys. Hey, be careful.
I'll see you guys on the stream.